

Personal Info:

1. name: Ahad Kaiser Tamim
2.  age: 

3.  gender: Male

4.  Current address: Tangail

5.  Phone no: 01916581545

6.  email: 

7.  education: SSC

8. occupation: Student

9.  electronic device used: Mobile, PC, Playstation

  

Question:

1.Do you use social media?

Answer: yes.

2. How frequently do you buy products online? *

Answer: At least 2 hours a Day

3.How frequently do you buy products online?
Answer : Rarely

4.What are the advantages or disadvantages of marketing through social media?

Answer:

Advantages : Easy Advertisements & Monetization

Disadvantages : Risk of False Advertisements and Customers, Smoother Communication

5.If you have a shop, will you make a social media handle? why or why not?

Answer:

Yes, I will

For communication with the Customers, Adverstising my Products

6.If you want to make an online portal of your shop, which will you create first in context of

Bangladesh? Social media or website? What are the reasons?

Answer : Social Media,

Cuz in Bangladesh, Social Medias like Facebook, Instagram are very popular than web-based pages

7."When I go to any website I look for social media handle." Do you agree

Answer : Yes

8.What is your impression about websites not having social media handle and What is your

impression about social media handles not having websites?

  

Answer : I cant communicate with the administrators of the website without a social media handle

9.Over shopping in websites and shopping in social media which one you will pick? Why?

Answer : 2

10."In offline we used to go in different shops to review and research about products and to guess

current market price. We can also do the same via social media". How much do you agree and

why?

Answer : I agree cuz we can get an initial idea of the prices of the products

11."Many people likes talking one to one with shopkeeper during buying products. Social media

comes with chatting feature where you can chat one to one with anyone you like. Chatting with

shopkeeper or shop social media handle replicates one to one talking. " How much do you

agree and why.

Answer : I dont agree because we dont get same amount of value when we communicate via chatting in comparison

with talking one to one

12."Buying in social media gives more shopping vibe than website." How much do you agree and

why.

Answer: 50-50

13."Social media is easy to use then shopping websites." How much do you agree and why.

Answer: 50-50

14."It is more human friendly and less mechanical to shop in social media than in websites." How

much do you agree and why.

Answer:Varies from person to person  
15."Social media handles lacks the formality of website. "How much do you agree and why.

Answer:Probably

16.Do you like lack of formality of social media shops?

Answer:Yes

17.Do you think it is the reason for social media being more or less convenient?

Answer:Yes

18.Mass people of Bangladesh can use social media more skilfully than websites. " Do you

agree.

Answer:Yes

19."Mass people uses social media more than any other websites. Its interface are familiar to

people. So it is more intuitive to them for using social media." Do you agree.

Answer:Yes

20."Different websites has different interface. Its make harder for mass people to use it." Do you

agree

Answer:Yes

21."Shops with more social media activity seems more trustworthy." Do you agree

Answer:Yes

22."Familiar shops with known name makes them trustworthy." Do you agree.

Answer:Yes

23.When you see many posts or activities you get familiar to the name of the shop. How does it

influences you?

Answer:I get influenced by the positive and negative reviews of the shop

24.Do you check for reviews of a store in social media before buying any product? If yes how the

review influences you?

Answer:Yes, i do. By that i can get an idea of the quality of the products they sell

25."No of stars or no of positive reviews reflect the credibility." Do you agree. 

Answer:Yes

26."After buying products, I always give feedback about their product in their social media handle."

Do you agree.

Answer:Yes and no

27."My review will help someone in future to take their decisions." Do you agree.

Answer:Yes

28."It is useful in social media that feedback can be given both personally and privately in social

media." Do you agree.

Answer:Yes

29.If you buy any product form a social media handle, social media algorithm will bring that shop

again and again. How does this influences you to buy again?

Answer:No experience

30.Trend of rating is normally not included in websites or social media handle. How useful do you

think trend of rating will be?

Answer:Very useful

31."When I go to a physical shop and read review of products of that shop on social media." How

much do you agree and why?

Answer:Dont understans thr question

32."Reviews of social media handle influence my decision in physical stores." Do you agree

Answer:Yes

33."I always share review of a physical store in social media." Do you agree.

Answer:Yes

34."It is easier to give review in social media than physically." How much do you agree and why?

  

Answer:I agree

35.How much your social media influences you to from selecting a shop to buying something from

that shop?

Answer: Pretty much

36.Do you have any relatives in rural area?

Answer: a few

37.What percentage of them use social media at a moderate rate? (checks social media 2-3 times

daily)

Answer: 0%

38.Now a days, different online shops without any offline outlet are there. Normally they use their

own home to store and also as shop. How frequently this phenomenon has been observed by

you in your rural area?

Answer:No one observed this

39.Do you think these online shops using social media as their method of advertisement is

effective? why?

Answer:Yes I think so.

40.How frequently do you check emails?

Answer:Twice a week

41.Which form of advertisement do you think will reach widely?

Answer:Social Media based

42.Do you think promotions or special offers can be broadcast effectively via social media more

effectively?

Answer:Yes

43.How you can be contacted and reached except calling via phone?

Answer:Email and Social Media



























