  **Personal Info:

1. name: Firdous siddique

2.  age: 20

3.  gender: male

4.  Current address: dinjapur sadar

5.  Phone no: 1

6.  email: 1

7.  education: engineering

8. occupation: student

9.  electronic device used: smart phone, laptop

  

Question:

1.Do you use social media?

Answer: yes 

2. How frequently do you buy products online? *

Answer: 1 hr a day

3.How frequently do you buy products online?

Answer : once or twice a month

4.What are the advantages or disadvantages of marketing through social media?

Answer: not so good. Sometimes fraudulent

What are the advantages and disadvantages of conducting business through social media?  
  
 

5.If you have a shop, will you make a social media handle? why or why not?

Answer: yes, easy for customers to use but hard to judge quality of product

  

  

6.If you want to make an online portal of your shop, which will you create first in context of

Bangladesh? Social media or website? What are the reasons?

Answer : social media is visited more, so advertisement easier, more customer friendly, more

  

7."When I go to any website I look for social media handle." Do you agree

Answer : never

8.What is your impression about websites not having social media handle and What is your

 impression about social media handles not having websites?

 Answer : nothing

9.Over shopping in websites and shopping in social media which one you will pick? Why?

Answer : for social media: easy to contact, fast response

      website more reliable

10."In offline we used to go in different shops to review and research about products and to guess current market price. We can also do the same via social media". How much do you agree and why?

 Answer: yes

  

11."Many people likes talking one to one with shopkeeper during buying products. Social media

 comes with chatting feature where you can chat one to one with anyone you like. Chatting with

shopkeeper or shop social media handle replicates one to one talking. " How much do you

 agree and why.

Answer : some sort of

  

12."Buying in social media gives more shopping vibe than website." How much do you agree and why.

Answer: yes

13."Social media is easy to use then shopping websites." How much do you agree and why.

Answer: not always but sometimes

14."It is more human friendly and less mechanical to shop in social media than in websites." How much do you agree and why.

Answer: yes 

15."Social media handles lacks the formality of website. "How much do you agree and why.

Answer: yes

16.Do you like lack of formality of social media shops?

Answer: for convenience better, but for reliability not so. But for established brand reliability is ensured

17.Do you think it is the reason for social media being more or less convenient?

Answer: no

18.Mass people of Bangladesh can use social media more skilfully than websites. " Do you

agree.

Answer: yes

19."Mass people uses social media more than any other websites. Its interface are familiar to

people. So it is more intuitive to them for using social media." Do you agree.

Answer: not always, sometimes design of website is better. payment system better in website

20."Different websites has different interface. Its make harder for mass people to use it." Do you

agree

Answer: yes, agree

21."Shops with more social media activity seems more trustworthy." Do you agree

Answer: yes

22."Familiar shops with known name makes them trustworthy." Do you agree.

Answer: yes

23.When you see many posts or activities you get familiar to the name of the shop. How does it

influences you?

Answer: yes, manipulation is main policy

24.Do you check for reviews of a store in social media before buying any product? If yes how the review influences you?

Answer: yes, normally পিছনের গুলা চেক করি, সামনের গুলা নরমালি প্রোমোট করা হয়

25."No of stars or no of positive reviews reflect the credibility." Do you agree.

Answer: সামনের গুলা প্রোমোট করা, নেগেটিভ গুলাকে বেশি প্রায়োরিটি দেই

26."After buying products, I always give feedback about their product in their social media handle."

Do you agree.

Answer: no

27."My review will help someone in future to take their decisions." Do you agree.

Answer: doesnot give review

28."It is useful in social media that feedback can be given both personally and privately in social

media." Do you agree.

Answer: yes, identity hide করতে চাইলে প্রাইভেটলি বেটার, বাট এটা ওরা অন্যভাবে প্রোমোট করতে পারে

29.If you buy any product form a social media handle, social media algorithm will bring that shop

again and again. How does this influences you to buy again?

Answer: na, বিরক্তি নিয়ে আসে

30.Trend of rating is normally not included in websites or social media handle. How useful do you think trend of rating will be?

Answer: হ্যা এটা করা উচিত

31."When I go to a physical shop and read review of products of that shop on social media." How much do you agree and why?

Answer: না করি না

32."Reviews of social media handle influence my decision in physical stores." Do you agree

Answer: না করে না অত

33."I always share review of a physical store in social media." Do you agree.

Answer: মিসবিহেভ করলে শেয়ার করি

34."It is easier to give review in social media than physically." How much do you agree and why?

 Answer: . হ্যা, সোশ্যাল মিডিয়াতে অনেক ইজিলি রিচ করে

35.How much your social media influences you to from selecting a shop to buying something from that shop?

Answer: সোশ্যাল মিডিয়া থেকে জাজ করি না, গুগল করে ওয়েবসাইট চেক করি

36.Do you have any relatives in rural area?

Answer: yes

37.What percentage of them use social media at a moderate rate? (checks social media 2-3 times daily)

Answer: 50%

38.Now a days, different online shops without any offline outlet are there. Normally they use their own home to store and also as shop. How frequently this phenomenon has been observed by you in your rural area?

Answer: বেশি চোখে পড়ে, কমদামি গুলাতে এট্রাকটেড হই, রিলায়বিলিটি কম।। গ্রাম এলাকায় ইফেক্টিভ হতে পারে। রিলায়বিলিটি নিয়ে মানুষ সবসময় চিন্তা করে না।

39.Do you think these online shops using social media as their method of advertisement is

effective? why?

Answer: একটা লেভেল পর্যন্ত ইফেক্টিভ, এরপরে বেশি আসলে মানুষ বোরড হয়ে যেতে পারে

40.How frequently do you check emails?

Answer: once in a week

41.Which form of advertisement do you think will reach widely?

Answer: TV and Social media

42.Do you think promotions or special offers can be broadcast effectively via social media more

effectively?

Answer: yes

43.How you can be contacted and reached except calling via phone?

Answer: text message

  

Comment:  
 

  

grammertical mistake, long

  

6:41pm 11/16/2022

  

2**