  **Personal Info:

1. name: G.R.Solaiman Rafi

2.  age: 20

3.  gender: Male

4.  Current address: Tangail 

5.  Phone no: 

6.  email: grrafi17@gmail.com

7.  education: Admission examinee

8. occupation: Student 

9.  electronic device used: Smart Phone, Laptop or Desktop

  

Question:

1.Do you use social media?

Answer: Yes 

2. How frequently do you buy products online? *

Answer: Around 2hr

3.How frequently do you buy products online?

Answer : Not that much 

4.What are the advantages or disadvantages of marketing through social media?

Answer: They give extra voucher but sometimes the product is not authentic

What are the advantages and disadvantages of conducting business through social media?  
  
Less promotional cost & can catch eyes of more people easily 

5.If you have a shop, will you make a social media handle? why or why not?

Answer: Yes.For more promotional purposes.more order form distance 

  

  

6.If you want to make an online portal of your shop, which will you create first in context of

Bangladesh? Social media or website? What are the reasons?

Answer : 1st it would be a social media.

If people get to know about the shop then they will visit the website but if they have no idea about the shop or products they won't visit the website 

  

7."When I go to any website I look for social media handle." Do you agree

Answer : Agree

8.What is your impression about websites not having social media handle and What is your

 impression about social media handles not having websites?

 Answer : Bot are needed equally

Website is comparatively easy to access

But in social media pages we gotta know about others feedback about the products more properly 

9.Over shopping in websites and shopping in social media which one you will pick? Why?

Answer : It depends.

If the shop is famous & previously known about their products I'll prefer website...

  

When the shop is quite new then social media for more details 

10."In offline we used to go in different shops to review and research about products and to guess current market price. We can also do the same via social media". How much do you agree and why?

 Answer: Yes...

  

11."Many people likes talking one to one with shopkeeper during buying products. Social media

 comes with chatting feature where you can chat one to one with anyone you like. Chatting with

shopkeeper or shop social media handle replicates one to one talking. " How much do you

 agree and why.

Answer : Yeah can get more relavant info

  

12."Buying in social media gives more shopping vibe than website." How much do you agree and why.

Answer: Yeah much more.but sometimes it's time consuming 

13."Social media is easy to use then shopping websites." How much do you agree and why.

Answer: Neutral

14."It is more human friendly and less mechanical to shop in social media than in websites." How much do you agree and why.

Answer: Neutral

15."Social media handles lacks the formality of website. "How much do you agree and why.

Answer: Disagree

16.Do you like lack of formality of social media shops?

Answer: Neutral 

17.Do you think it is the reason for social media being more or less convenient?

Answer: Easy to access 

18.Mass people of Bangladesh can use social media more skilfully than websites. " Do you

agree.

Answer: Agree

19."Mass people uses social media more than any other websites. Its interface are familiar to

people. So it is more intuitive to them for using social media." Do you agree.

Answer: Strongly Agree

20."Different websites has different interface. Its make harder for mass people to use it." Do you

agree

Answer: Agree

21."Shops with more social media activity seems more trustworthy." Do you agree

Answer: Agree

22."Familiar shops with known name makes them trustworthy." Do you agree.

Answer: Strongly Agree

23.When you see many posts or activities you get familiar to the name of the shop. How does it

influences you?

Answer: It seems products would be authentic 

24.Do you check for reviews of a store in social media before buying any product? If yes how the review influences you?

Answer: Yes...

25."No of stars or no of positive reviews reflect the credibility." Do you agree.

Answer: Neutral

26."After buying products, I always give feedback about their product in their social media handle."

Do you agree.

Answer: Agree

27."My review will help someone in future to take their decisions." Do you agree.

Answer: Agree

28."It is useful in social media that feedback can be given both personally and privately in social

media." Do you agree.

Answer: Strongly Agree

29.If you buy any product form a social media handle, social media algorithm will bring that shop

again and again. How does this influences you to buy again?

Answer: Its disturbing 

30.Trend of rating is normally not included in websites or social media handle. How useful do you think trend of rating will be?

Answer: .

31."When I go to a physical shop and read review of products of that shop on social media." How much do you agree and why?

Answer: Agree

32."Reviews of social media handle influence my decision in physical stores." Do you agree

Answer: Neutral

33."I always share review of a physical store in social media." Do you agree.

Answer: Agree

34."It is easier to give review in social media than physically." How much do you agree and why?

 Answer: Agree

35.How much your social media influences you to from selecting a shop to buying something from that shop?

Answer: can choose the product previously 

36.Do you have any relatives in rural area?

Answer: Y

37.What percentage of them use social media at a moderate rate? (checks social media 2-3 times daily)

Answer: At least 1 time a day

38.Now a days, different online shops without any offline outlet are there. Normally they use their own home to store and also as shop. How frequently this phenomenon has been observed by you in your rural area?

Answer: Rarely in rural areas 

39.Do you think these online shops using social media as their method of advertisement is

effective? why?

Answer: Yes obviously.

Almost all people of cities check social media at least 1 time a day.they can see the product choose them can also buy them....

They're quite busy with their works so online platform is so effective 

40.How frequently do you check emails?

Answer: 3-4 times a day 

41.Which form of advertisement do you think will reach widely?

Answer: Adds

42.Do you think promotions or special offers can be broadcast effectively via social media more

effectively?

Answer: Yes but sometimes it's annoying 

43.How you can be contacted and reached except calling via phone?

Answer: Email

  

Comment:  
 

  
  
  

6:42pm 01/19/2023

  

11**