  **Personal Info:

1. name: Jinan 

2.  age: 15

3.  gender: Male

4.  Current address: Kurigram,Rangpur

5.  Phone no: 

6.  email: jinanhossain700@gmail.com

7.  education: South Breeze School

8. occupation: Student

9.  electronic device used: PC, Phone, Smart TV, Laptop

  

Question:

1.Do you use social media?

Answer: Yes 

2. How frequently do you buy products online? *

Answer: 1-2 hrs a day

3.How frequently do you buy products online?

Answer : Very less

4.What are the advantages or disadvantages of marketing through social media?

Answer: Advantages:

*You don't need to go outside

*Much Faster

*Cost-Effective

Disadvantages:

*You can get scammed

*Difficult to measure

*Security Issues

What are the advantages and disadvantages of conducting business through social media?  
  
 

5.If you have a shop, will you make a social media handle? why or why not?

Answer: Yes, to promote my business and people can be more aware of the products they want to buy.

  

  

6.If you want to make an online portal of your shop, which will you create first in context of

Bangladesh? Social media or website? What are the reasons?

Answer : Website, people can get more output from making a website first rather than social media since website gives info and also people can buy company products from there. 

  

7."When I go to any website I look for social media handle." Do you agree

Answer : No 

8.What is your impression about websites not having social media handle and What is your

 impression about social media handles not having websites?

 Answer : Websites that do not have social media handle can still handle the business well but people may get update on the company a bit later but on the other hand social media handles that don't have website may attract less customers since people might think this is a scam.

9.Over shopping in websites and shopping in social media which one you will pick? Why?

Answer : Over Shopping in website is much more reliable and trustworthy than shopping in social media.

10."In offline we used to go in different shops to review and research about products and to guess current market price. We can also do the same via social media". How much do you agree and why?

 Answer: I agree with this statement as we can get better info online about the certain products we want to buy.

  

11."Many people likes talking one to one with shopkeeper during buying products. Social media

 comes with chatting feature where you can chat one to one with anyone you like. Chatting with

shopkeeper or shop social media handle replicates one to one talking. " How much do you

 agree and why.

Answer : It creates the same scenario but the depth of the conversation can be less since we are not talking directly with the person. 

  

12."Buying in social media gives more shopping vibe than website." How much do you agree and why.

Answer: I agree with this since we can directly talk with the seller which we can't do in a website and we can get additional information if we want before purchasing the product.

13."Social media is easy to use then shopping websites." How much do you agree and why.

Answer: I mostly agree with it since it is user-friendly and we can talk with the seller directly which makes it easier to choose the product. 

14."It is more human friendly and less mechanical to shop in social media than in websites." How much do you agree and why.

Answer: I completely agree with this since we need to be less productive while buying in social media and also talk with the seller.

15."Social media handles lacks the formality of website. "How much do you agree and why.

Answer: I disagree with this statement since most websites are well-built and are formal while sellers on the social media are less formal. 

16.Do you like lack of formality of social media shops?

Answer: I don't mind it unless the people are rude and un-cooperative. 

17.Do you think it is the reason for social media being more or less convenient?

Answer: It may be a reason for social media to be less convenient.

18.Mass people of Bangladesh can use social media more skilfully than websites. " Do you

agree.

Answer: Yes

19."Mass people uses social media more than any other websites. Its interface are familiar to

people. So it is more intuitive to them for using social media." Do you agree.

Answer: Yes, most people in Bangladesh are addicted to social media so they have a very good idea about the interfaces of social media more than websites.

20."Different websites has different interface. Its make harder for mass people to use it." Do you

agree

Answer: yes

21."Shops with more social media activity seems more trustworthy." Do you agree

Answer: Yes

22."Familiar shops with known name makes them trustworthy." Do you agree.

Answer: Yes

23.When you see many posts or activities you get familiar to the name of the shop. How does it

influences you?

Answer: Sometimes 

24.Do you check for reviews of a store in social media before buying any product? If yes how the review influences you?

Answer: I do check the reviews if it is bad then I won't buy from that store or if the review is good then I will buy from it. 

25."No of stars or no of positive reviews reflect the credibility." Do you agree.

Answer: Yes

26."After buying products, I always give feedback about their product in their social media handle."

Do you agree.

Answer: No 

27."My review will help someone in future to take their decisions." Do you agree.

Answer: Yes

28."It is useful in social media that feedback can be given both personally and privately in social

media." Do you agree.

Answer: Yes

29.If you buy any product form a social media handle, social media algorithm will bring that shop

again and again. How does this influences you to buy again?

Answer: This influences us to buy from that particular store again since in the first place we brought from the store as we thought it was a good store and we may get recommended about that store again and we may think they have good offers there which prompts us to buy more.

30.Trend of rating is normally not included in websites or social media handle. How useful do you think trend of rating will be?

Answer: It will be more useful as it gives the buyer more idea about the product they are about to buy.

31."When I go to a physical shop and read review of products of that shop on social media." How much do you agree and why?

Answer: I agree with this statement since I always research online about the product before buying it.

32."Reviews of social media handle influence my decision in physical stores." Do you agree

Answer: Yes

33."I always share review of a physical store in social media." Do you agree.

Answer: No 

34."It is easier to give review in social media than physically." How much do you agree and why?

 Answer: I agree since we can post our review online which the people who are going to buy from that store can read more easily rather than physically. 

35.How much your social media influences you to from selecting a shop to buying something from that shop?

Answer: It doesn't influence me most of the time. 

36.Do you have any relatives in rural area?

Answer: Yes

37.What percentage of them use social media at a moderate rate? (checks social media 2-3 times daily)

Answer: About 40%

38.Now a days, different online shops without any offline outlet are there. Normally they use their own home to store and also as shop. How frequently this phenomenon has been observed by you in your rural area?

Answer: Not at all 

39.Do you think these online shops using social media as their method of advertisement is

effective? why?

Answer: Yes since most people get notified bout a certain product from the social media.

40.How frequently do you check emails?

Answer: Frequently 

41.Which form of advertisement do you think will reach widely?

Answer: Online advertisement

42.Do you think promotions or special offers can be broadcast effectively via social media more

effectively?

Answer: Yes

43.How you can be contacted and reached except calling via phone?

Answer: People can email me or rather call me online using messaging apps such as whatsapp, viber, instagram etc

  

Comment:  
 

  
  
  

5:43pm 12/13/2022

  

7**