  **Personal Info:

1. name: Labiba Islam Salsabil

2.  age: 23

3.  gender: female

4.  Current address: Chattogram sadar

5.  Phone no: .

6.  email: .

7.  education: studies at BUET

8. occupation: student

9.  electronic device used: Phone laptop

  

Question:

1.Do you use social media?

Answer: yes 

2. How frequently do you buy products online? *

Answer: 10 hrs each day

3.How frequently do you buy products online?

Answer : not very often

4.What are the advantages or disadvantages of marketing through social media?

Answer: quite worth it, মানুষের জন্যে সবকিছু সহজ করছে,  যাতায়াত খরচ কমাচ্ছ।

What are the advantages and disadvantages of conducting business through social media?  
  
 

5.If you have a shop, will you make a social media handle? why or why not?

Answer: yes, কারন সোশ্যাল মিডিয়া থেকে সবচেয়ে বেশি রিচ পাওয়া যায়।

  

  

6.If you want to make an online portal of your shop, which will you create first in context of

Bangladesh? Social media or website? What are the reasons?

Answer : social media, social media মানুষের হাতে হাতে, website এর চেয়ে বেশি পরিচিতি সোশ্যাল মিডিয়ায়। একটা দোকান খুললে সোশ্যাল মিডিয়া হ্যান্ডেলের মাধ্যমে বেশি মানুষ জানতে পারবে

  

7."When I go to any website I look for social media handle." Do you agree

Answer : yes

8.What is your impression about websites not having social media handle and What is your

 impression about social media handles not having websites?

 Answer : they should create social media handle, everyone should have one

9.Over shopping in websites and shopping in social media which one you will pick? Why?

Answer : social media, net kom lge, review vlo neya jay

10."In offline we used to go in different shops to review and research about products and to guess current market price. We can also do the same via social media". How much do you agree and why?

 Answer: no, দরদামের সুযোগ কম। কম্পেয়ার করা পসিবল না, লজিক দেখায় যে আমার প্রোডাক্ট এখানের, কোয়ালিটি বুঝা পসিবল না

  

11."Many people likes talking one to one with shopkeeper during buying products. Social media

 comes with chatting feature where you can chat one to one with anyone you like. Chatting with

shopkeeper or shop social media handle replicates one to one talking. " How much do you

 agree and why.

Answer : no, দরদামের সুযোগ কম। কম্পেয়ার করা পসিবল না, লজিক দেখায় যে আমার প্রোডাক্ট এখানের, কোয়ালিটি বুঝা পসিবল না

  

12."Buying in social media gives more shopping vibe than website." How much do you agree and why.

Answer: yes, কারন সোশ্যাল মিডিয়া বেশি ইউজ করি।

13."Social media is easy to use then shopping websites." How much do you agree and why.

Answer: yes

14."It is more human friendly and less mechanical to shop in social media than in websites." How much do you agree and why.

Answer: yes

15."Social media handles lacks the formality of website. "How much do you agree and why.

Answer: yess

16.Do you like lack of formality of social media shops?

Answer: খারাপ লাগে, আরেকটু ফরম্যাল হলে ভালো হতো

17.Do you think it is the reason for social media being more or less convenient?

Answer: doesnt matter. but professional platform e represent krar jonne, website better

18.Mass people of Bangladesh can use social media more skilfully than websites. " Do you

agree.

Answer: yes

19."Mass people uses social media more than any other websites. Its interface are familiar to

people. So it is more intuitive to them for using social media." Do you agree.

Answer: yes

20."Different websites has different interface. Its make harder for mass people to use it." Do you

agree

Answer: yes, সবাই টেক রিলেটেড বিষয়ে সমান  এক্সপার্ট না

21."Shops with more social media activity seems more trustworthy." Do you agree

Answer: yes, comparatively jader kom tader theke

22."Familiar shops with known name makes them trustworthy." Do you agree.

Answer: yes, online e decieved howar chance beshi,  familiar hole beshi manush kinche, decieved howar probability kome jay

23.When you see many posts or activities you get familiar to the name of the shop. How does it

influences you?

Answer: barbar samne asle interest jagay, majhe majhe birokto lge

24.Do you check for reviews of a store in social media before buying any product? If yes how the review influences you?

Answer: yes

25."No of stars or no of positive reviews reflect the credibility." Do you agree.

Answer: not always, but helps in determining quality (7 out of 10)

26."After buying products, I always give feedback about their product in their social media handle."

Do you agree.

Answer: no

27."My review will help someone in future to take their decisions." Do you agree.

Answer: maybe yes

28."It is useful in social media that feedback can be given both personally and privately in social

media." Do you agree.

Answer: privately diye temon luv nai

29.If you buy any product form a social media handle, social media algorithm will bring that shop

again and again. How does this influences you to buy again?

Answer: birokto lge

30.Trend of rating is normally not included in websites or social media handle. How useful do you think trend of rating will be?

Answer: yess, add kra uchit

31."When I go to a physical shop and read review of products of that shop on social media." How much do you agree and why?

Answer: sometimes, kaje lge, motamuti vlo review pawa jay

32."Reviews of social media handle influence my decision in physical stores." Do you agree

Answer: not that much, sometimes (4 out of 10)

33."I always share review of a physical store in social media." Do you agree.

Answer: bad lgle kri, vlo lgle kichu kri na

34."It is easier to give review in social media than physically." How much do you agree and why?

 Answer: sometimes, for all people physical is better, phone not available always

35.How much your social media influences you to from selecting a shop to buying something from that shop?

Answer: online e influence kre, offline e kre na

36.Do you have any relatives in rural area?

Answer: yes

37.What percentage of them use social media at a moderate rate? (checks social media 2-3 times daily)

Answer: 90%

38.Now a days, different online shops without any offline outlet are there. Normally they use their own home to store and also as shop. How frequently this phenomenon has been observed by you in your rural area?

Answer: rural area te oto procholito na, upper middle class e chole

39.Do you think these online shops using social media as their method of advertisement is

effective? why?

Answer: yesss, cost kom, effect beshi, physical ad er khoroch hocche na

40.How frequently do you check emails?

Answer: frequently 

41.Which form of advertisement do you think will reach widely?

Answer: facebook in bd

42.Do you think promotions or special offers can be broadcast effectively via social media more

effectively?

Answer: yess, algorithm ekbar shop er kichu dekhle shop take dekhaitei thakbe dekhaitei thakbe, shop er jonne vlo, manush er jonne majhe majhe vlo

43.How you can be contacted and reached except calling via phone?

Answer: email

  

Comment:  
 

  

social media shop vlo, physical cost nai, onno kaj krte parteche, dokan khule bose thakte hocche na, besh effective. quality control difficult, but review diye possible, onek bad review effect kre, bad review emphasis krle lavjonok hte pare

  

8:23pm 11/17/2022

  

3**