  **Personal Info:

1. name: Mohammod Mahbubur Rahman

2.  age: 56

3.  gender: Male

4.  Current address: Tangail

5.  Phone no: 01620607796

6.  email: 

7.  education: M.A

8. occupation: Business

9.  electronic device used: Smart Phone

  

Question:

1.Do you use social media?

Answer: Yes 

2. How frequently do you buy products online? *

Answer: 3-4

3.How frequently do you buy products online?

Answer : 4-5 times a year

4.What are the advantages or disadvantages of marketing through social media?

Answer: Can't see the real product.

What are the advantages and disadvantages of conducting business through social media?  
  
Too much technical complexities

5.If you have a shop, will you make a social media handle? why or why not?

Answer: I will. It will help me gain more marketing value.

  

  

6.If you want to make an online portal of your shop, which will you create first in context of

Bangladesh? Social media or website? What are the reasons?

Answer : Social Media. Easier to create. Easier to use. Easier to maintain

  

7."When I go to any website I look for social media handle." Do you agree

Answer : Strongly Disagree

8.What is your impression about websites not having social media handle and What is your

 impression about social media handles not having websites?

 Answer : Websites should have social media as they will help them get introduced to so many people

9.Over shopping in websites and shopping in social media which one you will pick? Why?

Answer : Websites

10."In offline we used to go in different shops to review and research about products and to guess current market price. We can also do the same via social media". How much do you agree and why?

 Answer: Yeah we can see the prices of a same product on different pages. It helps us to compare the prices

  

11."Many people likes talking one to one with shopkeeper during buying products. Social media

 comes with chatting feature where you can chat one to one with anyone you like. Chatting with

shopkeeper or shop social media handle replicates one to one talking. " How much do you

 agree and why.

Answer : Yes. But we can not actually see the person behind. Nothing can beat face to face interaction

  

12."Buying in social media gives more shopping vibe than website." How much do you agree and why.

Answer: No. I disagree. People would go to shopping with their family and they would actually spend quality time together but this vibe can not be achieved by that

13."Social media is easy to use then shopping websites." How much do you agree and why.

Answer: Strongly Disagree

14."It is more human friendly and less mechanical to shop in social media than in websites." How much do you agree and why.

Answer: Agree

15."Social media handles lacks the formality of website. "How much do you agree and why.

Answer: Neutral

16.Do you like lack of formality of social media shops?

Answer: Lack of formality

17.Do you think it is the reason for social media being more or less convenient?

Answer: Maybe

18.Mass people of Bangladesh can use social media more skilfully than websites. " Do you

agree.

Answer: Strongly Agree

19."Mass people uses social media more than any other websites. Its interface are familiar to

people. So it is more intuitive to them for using social media." Do you agree.

Answer: Strongly Agree

20."Different websites has different interface. Its make harder for mass people to use it." Do you

agree

Answer: Strongly Agree

21."Shops with more social media activity seems more trustworthy." Do you agree

Answer: Strongly Agree

22."Familiar shops with known name makes them trustworthy." Do you agree.

Answer: Strongly Agree

23.When you see many posts or activities you get familiar to the name of the shop. How does it

influences you?

Answer: It creates a positive influence

24.Do you check for reviews of a store in social media before buying any product? If yes how the review influences you?

Answer: Reviews help me understand

25."No of stars or no of positive reviews reflect the credibility." Do you agree.

Answer: Strongly Agree

26."After buying products, I always give feedback about their product in their social media handle."

Do you agree.

Answer: Neutral

27."My review will help someone in future to take their decisions." Do you agree.

Answer: Agree

28."It is useful in social media that feedback can be given both personally and privately in social

media." Do you agree.

Answer: Strongly Agree

29.If you buy any product form a social media handle, social media algorithm will bring that shop

again and again. How does this influences you to buy again?

Answer: Somewhat

30.Trend of rating is normally not included in websites or social media handle. How useful do you think trend of rating will be?

Answer: It would be helpful

31."When I go to a physical shop and read review of products of that shop on social media." How much do you agree and why?

Answer: Neutral

32."Reviews of social media handle influence my decision in physical stores." Do you agree

Answer: Agree

33."I always share review of a physical store in social media." Do you agree.

Answer: Strongly Disagree

34."It is easier to give review in social media than physically." How much do you agree and why?

 Answer: Strongly Agree

35.How much your social media influences you to from selecting a shop to buying something from that shop?

Answer: Somewhat

36.Do you have any relatives in rural area?

Answer: Yes

37.What percentage of them use social media at a moderate rate? (checks social media 2-3 times daily)

Answer: 50%

38.Now a days, different online shops without any offline outlet are there. Normally they use their own home to store and also as shop. How frequently this phenomenon has been observed by you in your rural area?

Answer: Somewhat

39.Do you think these online shops using social media as their method of advertisement is

effective? why?

Answer: Yeah it is.

40.How frequently do you check emails?

Answer: If notifications come up

41.Which form of advertisement do you think will reach widely?

Answer: Pop ups, Sponsored

42.Do you think promotions or special offers can be broadcast effectively via social media more

effectively?

Answer: Yeah

43.How you can be contacted and reached except calling via phone?

Answer: Messenger

  

Comment:  
 

  
  
  

2:59am 01/27/2023

  

23**