  **Personal Info:

1. name: Shahrin Rahman 

2.  age: 22

3.  gender: Female

4.  Current address: Dhaka

5.  Phone no: 01973761946

6.  email: shahrinshupty@gmail.com

7.  education: Undergraduate final year

8. occupation: Student

9.  electronic device used: Smart Phone, Laptop or Desktop, Tablet

  

Question:

1.Do you use social media?

Answer: Yes 

2. How frequently do you buy products online? *

Answer: 3 hours

3.How frequently do you buy products online?

Answer : Twice in a month

4.What are the advantages or disadvantages of marketing through social media?

Answer: Advantage: it is time and energy saving 

  

Disadvantage : sometimes i got bad quality products' and return process is either hard or impossible 

What are the advantages and disadvantages of conducting business through social media?  
  
Advantages: Online Marketing is easier than offline one and less expenses for online marketing.

  

Disadvantages: Need to engage full time and energy to collect customers' orders, keep the track of orders, replying in time etc.

5.If you have a shop, will you make a social media handle? why or why not?

Answer: Yes, i will. It's a great support for marketing sector of the business .

  

  

6.If you want to make an online portal of your shop, which will you create first in context of

Bangladesh? Social media or website? What are the reasons?

Answer : Social media. To introduce the brand and catching attention of the customers 

  

7."When I go to any website I look for social media handle." Do you agree

Answer : Agree

8.What is your impression about websites not having social media handle and What is your

 impression about social media handles not having websites?

 Answer : I would like to explain it with an example 

Websites not having social media handle is like you have your own house but you don't have any furniture.

Having social media handles not having websites  are like you have your furnitures but you don't have any house.

9.Over shopping in websites and shopping in social media which one you will pick? Why?

Answer : Shopping in websites. Websites are well arranged, updated and transparent. 

10."In offline we used to go in different shops to review and research about products and to guess current market price. We can also do the same via social media". How much do you agree and why?

 Answer: For offline we need to do research before shopping but in case of online we can do research and shopping at the same time.

  

11."Many people likes talking one to one with shopkeeper during buying products. Social media

 comes with chatting feature where you can chat one to one with anyone you like. Chatting with

shopkeeper or shop social media handle replicates one to one talking. " How much do you

 agree and why.

Answer : One to one talking is not that much necessary i guess only if the arrangements are good enough. Moreover, during buying products, for one to one conversation sometimes as a customer i will get biased towards a product and will loose the interest to check the quality.

  

12."Buying in social media gives more shopping vibe than website." How much do you agree and why.

Answer: I Don't think so.

13."Social media is easy to use then shopping websites." How much do you agree and why.

Answer: Strongly Disagree

14."It is more human friendly and less mechanical to shop in social media than in websites." How much do you agree and why.

Answer: Strongly Disagree

15."Social media handles lacks the formality of website. "How much do you agree and why.

Answer: Strongly Agree

16.Do you like lack of formality of social media shops?

Answer: No.

17.Do you think it is the reason for social media being more or less convenient?

Answer: Yes.

18.Mass people of Bangladesh can use social media more skilfully than websites. " Do you

agree.

Answer: Strongly Disagree

19."Mass people uses social media more than any other websites. Its interface are familiar to

people. So it is more intuitive to them for using social media." Do you agree.

Answer: Disagree

20."Different websites has different interface. Its make harder for mass people to use it." Do you

agree

Answer: Agree

21."Shops with more social media activity seems more trustworthy." Do you agree

Answer: Strongly Agree

22."Familiar shops with known name makes them trustworthy." Do you agree.

Answer: Disagree

23.When you see many posts or activities you get familiar to the name of the shop. How does it

influences you?

Answer: It's kinda unnecessary.

24.Do you check for reviews of a store in social media before buying any product? If yes how the review influences you?

Answer: Yes. Review let me see the real image of the product and to know different experiences.

25."No of stars or no of positive reviews reflect the credibility." Do you agree.

Answer: Strongly Agree

26."After buying products, I always give feedback about their product in their social media handle."

Do you agree.

Answer: Neutral

27."My review will help someone in future to take their decisions." Do you agree.

Answer: Strongly Agree

28."It is useful in social media that feedback can be given both personally and privately in social

media." Do you agree.

Answer: Strongly Agree

29.If you buy any product form a social media handle, social media algorithm will bring that shop

again and again. How does this influences you to buy again?

Answer: It's irritating sometimes.

30.Trend of rating is normally not included in websites or social media handle. How useful do you think trend of rating will be?

Answer: It would be a great useful feature.

31."When I go to a physical shop and read review of products of that shop on social media." How much do you agree and why?

Answer: Strongly Disagree

32."Reviews of social media handle influence my decision in physical stores." Do you agree

Answer: Strongly Disagree

33."I always share review of a physical store in social media." Do you agree.

Answer: Strongly Disagree

34."It is easier to give review in social media than physically." How much do you agree and why?

 Answer: Strongly Agree

35.How much your social media influences you to from selecting a shop to buying something from that shop?

Answer: Highly

36.Do you have any relatives in rural area?

Answer: Yes

37.What percentage of them use social media at a moderate rate? (checks social media 2-3 times daily)

Answer: 100%

38.Now a days, different online shops without any offline outlet are there. Normally they use their own home to store and also as shop. How frequently this phenomenon has been observed by you in your rural area?

Answer: Not that much

39.Do you think these online shops using social media as their method of advertisement is

effective? why?

Answer: No. These are not reliable from the perspective of showcasing.

40.How frequently do you check emails?

Answer: Everyday 3 times

41.Which form of advertisement do you think will reach widely?

Answer: Advertisement through social media, television and seminars in educational institutions. 

42.Do you think promotions or special offers can be broadcast effectively via social media more

effectively?

Answer: Can say. But not that much.

43.How you can be contacted and reached except calling via phone?

Answer: Through email

  

Comment:  
 

  

Nope

  

4:12am 01/19/2023

  

9**