  **Personal Info:

1. name: Tasnim Zarin Semontee 

2.  age: 23

3.  gender: Female

4.  Current address: Meherpur

5.  Phone no: 

6.  email: 

7.  education: Undergraduate at CUET

8. occupation: Student

9.  electronic device used: Smart Phone, Laptop or Desktop

  

Question:

1.Do you use social media?

Answer: Yes 

2. How frequently do you buy products online? *

Answer: 4 hrs

[[Social media updated frequently]]

3.How frequently do you buy products online?

Answer : 2 times per month



4.What are the advantages or disadvantages of marketing through social media?

Answer: Disadvantage - High delivery charge 

What are the advantages and disadvantages of conducting business through social media?  
  
Fraud case

5.If you have a shop, will you make a social media handle? why or why not?

Answer: I will handle social media for spreading my business 

[[Reach social media]]
  

  

6.If you want to make an online portal of your shop, which will you create first in context of

Bangladesh? Social media or website? What are the reasons?

Answer : Social media 

  

7."When I go to any website I look for social media handle." Do you agree

Answer : Agree



8.What is your impression about websites not having social media handle and What is your

 impression about social media handles not having websites?

 Answer : Not good

9.Over shopping in websites and shopping in social media which one you will pick? Why?

Answer : Both is better

10."In offline we used to go in different shops to review and research about products and to guess current market price. We can also do the same via social media". How much do you agree and why?

 Answer: I agree

  

11."Many people likes talking one to one with shopkeeper during buying products. Social media

 comes with chatting feature where you can chat one to one with anyone you like. Chatting with

shopkeeper or shop social media handle replicates one to one talking. " How much do you

 agree and why.

Answer : Agree. But most of the time bot is doing the conversation with customers. 

  

12."Buying in social media gives more shopping vibe than website." How much do you agree and why.

Answer: I agree


13."Social media is easy to use then shopping websites." How much do you agree and why.

Answer: Agree
[[Social Media easier to use than website]]

14."It is more human friendly and less mechanical to shop in social media than in websites." How much do you agree and why.

Answer: Neutral

15."Social media handles lacks the formality of website. "How much do you agree and why.

Answer: Strongly Agree



16.Do you like lack of formality of social media shops?

Answer: Lack of formality.

17.Do you think it is the reason for social media being more or less convenient?

Answer: More convenient 


18.Mass people of Bangladesh can use social media more skilfully than websites. " Do you

agree.

Answer: Strongly Agree

[[Social Media easier for mass people]]

19."Mass people uses social media more than any other websites. Its interface are familiar to

people. So it is more intuitive to them for using social media." Do you agree.

Answer: Strongly Agree



20."Different websites has different interface. Its make harder for mass people to use it." Do you

agree

Answer: Strongly Agree

[[Website use problem due to different interface]]

21."Shops with more social media activity seems more trustworthy." Do you agree

Answer: Strongly Agree

[[Social Media Activity makes a shop Trustworthy]]

22."Familiar shops with known name makes them trustworthy." Do you agree.

Answer: Agree

23.When you see many posts or activities you get familiar to the name of the shop. How does it

influences you?

Answer: So much

[[Activeness in social media influences]]

24.Do you check for reviews of a store in social media before buying any product? If yes how the review influences you?

Answer: Good review increase interest 


25."No of stars or no of positive reviews reflect the credibility." Do you agree.

Answer: Agree

26."After buying products, I always give feedback about their product in their social media handle."

Do you agree.

Answer: Agree

27."My review will help someone in future to take their decisions." Do you agree.

Answer: Strongly Agree

28."It is useful in social media that feedback can be given both personally and privately in social

media." Do you agree.

Answer: Strongly Agree

29.If you buy any product form a social media handle, social media algorithm will bring that shop

again and again. How does this influences you to buy again?

Answer: Very much

[[Social media provokes to buy]]

30.Trend of rating is normally not included in websites or social media handle. How useful do you think trend of rating will be?

Answer: Useful 8/10

31."When I go to a physical shop and read review of products of that shop on social media." How much do you agree and why?

Answer: Agree



32."Reviews of social media handle influence my decision in physical stores." Do you agree

Answer: Neutral

33."I always share review of a physical store in social media." Do you agree.

Answer: Neutral

34."It is easier to give review in social media than physically." How much do you agree and why?

 Answer: Agree

35.How much your social media influences you to from selecting a shop to buying something from that shop?

Answer: Not very much

36.Do you have any relatives in rural area?

Answer: Yes

37.What percentage of them use social media at a moderate rate? (checks social media 2-3 times daily)

Answer: 15%

38.Now a days, different online shops without any offline outlet are there. Normally they use their own home to store and also as shop. How frequently this phenomenon has been observed by you in your rural area?

Answer: Often

39.Do you think these online shops using social media as their method of advertisement is

effective? why?

Answer: Effective 

40.How frequently do you check emails?

Answer: Not much

41.Which form of advertisement do you think will reach widely?

Answer: Short video

42.Do you think promotions or special offers can be broadcast effectively via social media more

effectively?

Answer: Yes

43.How you can be contacted and reached except calling via phone?

Answer: WhatsApp 

  

Comment:  
 

  
  
  

6:53am 01/23/2023

  

19**