  **Personal Info:

1. name: Zarin

2.  age: 18

3.  gender: Female

4.  Current address: Barishal

5.  Phone no: 

6.  email: hasnahenazarin4278@gmail.com

7.  education: Undergrad Student

8. occupation: Student

9.  electronic device used: Laptop or Desktop

  

Question:

1.Do you use social media?

Answer: Yes 

2. How frequently do you buy products online? *

Answer: 2

3.How frequently do you buy products online?

Answer : 4/5 times a year

4.What are the advantages or disadvantages of marketing through social media?

Answer: Advantages: Easy accessibility

Disadvantage: Authenticity



What are the advantages and disadvantages of conducting business through social media?  
  
Advantages: Easy accessibility

Disadvantages: Lack of interaction between colleagues and customers

5.If you have a shop, will you make a social media handle? why or why not?

Answer: Yes. For spreading the business, online support, accessible to more people, improved services. 


[[Reach social media]]
  

  

6.If you want to make an online portal of your shop, which will you create first in context of

Bangladesh? Social media or website? What are the reasons?

Answer : Website. It will enhance the authenticity of the product, give the consumers more clear vision, better payment system and create a brand name.

  [[Overview better in website]]
  [[Payment Better in website]]

7."When I go to any website I look for social media handle." Do you agree

Answer : Disagree

8.What is your impression about websites not having social media handle and What is your

 impression about social media handles not having websites?

 Answer : Communicating with the consumers is important for any kind of service. So if they don't have a social media handle but a chat system of their own, it is comfortable.

I just don't think the product is authentic or of good quality if they don't have a website.

9.Over shopping in websites and shopping in social media which one you will pick? Why?

Answer : Websites

10."In offline we used to go in different shops to review and research about products and to guess current market price. We can also do the same via social media". How much do you agree and why?

 Answer: I agree it. Via social media we can guess the market price very easily but not the quality of the product.


  

11."Many people likes talking one to one with shopkeeper during buying products. Social media

 comes with chatting feature where you can chat one to one with anyone you like. Chatting with

shopkeeper or shop social media handle replicates one to one talking. " How much do you

 agree and why.

Answer : I don't agree that chatting with shopkeeper replicates one to one talking.

  [[Social Media Cannot replicate chatting]]

12."Buying in social media gives more shopping vibe than website." How much do you agree and why.

Answer: I don't agree it. 

13."Social media is easy to use then shopping websites." How much do you agree and why.

Answer: Disagree

14."It is more human friendly and less mechanical to shop in social media than in websites." How much do you agree and why.

Answer: Agree

[[Human interaction in Social Media]]

15."Social media handles lacks the formality of website. "How much do you agree and why.

Answer: Strongly Agree

[[Websites are more formal]]
16.Do you like lack of formality of social media shops?

Answer: No.

17.Do you think it is the reason for social media being more or less convenient?

Answer: yes.

18.Mass people of Bangladesh can use social media more skilfully than websites. " Do you

agree.

Answer: Strongly Agree


[[Social Media easier to use than website]]

19."Mass people uses social media more than any other websites. Its interface are familiar to

people. So it is more intuitive to them for using social media." Do you agree.

Answer: Agree

[[Familiar UI in social media is more intuitive]]

20."Different websites has different interface. Its make harder for mass people to use it." Do you

agree

Answer: Agree

[[Website use problem due to different interface]]

21."Shops with more social media activity seems more trustworthy." Do you agree

Answer: Disagree



22."Familiar shops with known name makes them trustworthy." Do you agree.

Answer: Agree


23.When you see many posts or activities you get familiar to the name of the shop. How does it

influences you?

Answer: It does not.

24.Do you check for reviews of a store in social media before buying any product? If yes how the review influences you?

Answer: Positive reviews influence me to buy the product.

[[Social media to see review of product]]
[[Social media review influences to buy]]

25."No of stars or no of positive reviews reflect the credibility." Do you agree.

Answer: Agree


26."After buying products, I always give feedback about their product in their social media handle."

Do you agree.

Answer: Disagree


27."My review will help someone in future to take their decisions." Do you agree.

Answer: Agree


28."It is useful in social media that feedback can be given both personally and privately in social

media." Do you agree.

Answer: Neutral

29.If you buy any product form a social media handle, social media algorithm will bring that shop

again and again. How does this influences you to buy again?

Answer: Yes

[[Social media provokes to buy]]

30.Trend of rating is normally not included in websites or social media handle. How useful do you think trend of rating will be?

Answer: Not much

31."When I go to a physical shop and read review of products of that shop on social media." How much do you agree and why?

Answer: Agree

[[Social media to see review of product]]

32."Reviews of social media handle influence my decision in physical stores." Do you agree

Answer: Neutral

33."I always share review of a physical store in social media." Do you agree.

Answer: Disagree

34."It is easier to give review in social media than physically." How much do you agree and why?

 Answer: Agree

35.How much your social media influences you to from selecting a shop to buying something from that shop?

Answer: Not much

36.Do you have any relatives in rural area?

Answer: Yes

37.What percentage of them use social media at a moderate rate? (checks social media 2-3 times daily)

Answer: 90%

38.Now a days, different online shops without any offline outlet are there. Normally they use their own home to store and also as shop. How frequently this phenomenon has been observed by you in your rural area?

Answer: Very few

39.Do you think these online shops using social media as their method of advertisement is

effective? why?

Answer: Yes. Since most people uses social medias it influences them to buy new products after seeing an advertisement.

[[Social media provokes to buy]]

40.How frequently do you check emails?

Answer: Everyday

41.Which form of advertisement do you think will reach widely?

Answer: Social media

42.Do you think promotions or special offers can be broadcast effectively via social media more

effectively?

Answer: Yes

43.How you can be contacted and reached except calling via phone?

Answer: Email or social media

  

Comment:  
 

  

No

  

4:59am 01/23/2023

  

18**